The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
What we think, we become.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.
If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride - and never quit, you'll be a winner.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself.
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot.
I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome.
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp.
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
Life's a garden. Dig it.
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world.
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.
The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible.
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come.
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most.
A great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.
Out of difficulties grow miracles.
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do.
You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.
The things that we love tell us what we are.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life.
There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back.
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be.
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future.
A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart.
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask. Everything you want also wants you. But you have to take action to get it.
What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
Enthusiasm moves the world.
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
I believe that one defines oneself by reinvention. To not be like your parents. To not be like your friends. To be yourself. To cut yourself out of stone.
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm.
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
We have it in our power to begin the world over again.
I believe in living today. Not in yesterday, nor in tomorrow.
And when I breathed, my breath was lightning.
We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too.
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others.
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears.
There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them.
